Question 1 of 31
What are the five levels of DevOps practice?

RAD model, values, documentation, efficiency, and methods
Correct answer
values, principles, methods, practices, and tools
Attempted incorrect option
requirements, deployment, environment, test, and implementation
waterfall model, methods, tools, principles, and budget

Question 2 of 31
Information Technology Infrastructure Library or ITIL provides a comprehensive _____ for designing, managing, and controlling IT processes.

qualitative approach
descriptive-outcome based approach
heuristic approach
Attempted correct option
process-model based approach

Question 3 of 31
Suppose you and your project manager are interested in the infrastructure as code approach. What is the chief issue that your team may face when utilizing the infrastructure as code approach?

Custom configurations may overwhelm your version control system.
Attempted correct option
The mindset and habits of your team members.
Handling the system as a code instead of deploying systems manually.
There are no impediments to employing the infrastructure as code in your system.

Question 4 of 31
Which of the following explains the concept of blue-green deployment?

Attempted correct option
There are two identical production environments in which one is live (Blue) and the other is idle (Green). When new software is fully tested and deployed to Green, the router switches traffic from Blue to Green
A process in which both hardware and software are prepared and ready for operation in two live environments.
The end user (Blue) is able to self-serve, allowing them to initiate a process (Green) without any aid.
A method in which “Blue” maintains the control of the system and “Green” upgrades the application on the server.

Question 5 of 31
What are the four values in the CAMS model?

Attempted correct option
CAMS: Culture, Automation, Measurement, and Sharing
CAMS: Control, Automation, Methodology, and Sharing
CAMS: Culture, Acculturations, Mentoring, and Society
CAMS: Continuous, Assimilation, Microsoft, and Scientific

Question 6 of 31
Certain companies utilize immutable deployment, in which changes to the system are _____ as opposed to _____.

Agile; Waterfall
blue; green
Attempted incorrect option
updated; replaced
Correct answer
replaced; updated

Question 7 of 31
Which of the following explains the concept of containers?

Containers are virtualized applications that can be shipped from server to server as needed.
Containers are iterative backups that can be rapidly deployed in case of system failure.
Attempted correct option
Containers are stand-alone software packages that contain runtime components to function independently.
Containers are applications that orchestrate the deployment of virtual systems.

Question 8 of 31
_____ describe when software is deployed quickly into production since the team members make sure the application goes through complete automated testing.

Attempted correct option
Continuous deployments
Autonomous teams
Blue-green deployments
Values

Question 9 of 31
How can you implement experimentation and learning in your work environment?

Decrease your employees’ pay when they do not exemplify any new languages in their coding.
Force your employees to return to college to learn a new programming language and new computer methodologies.
Increase competition between the development and operational teams and reward them with incentives.
Attempted correct option
Rotate your employees to attend conferences and share vital information with their colleagues.

Question 10 of 31
Tools are launched daily for diverse purposes. Which qualities should you look for in a tool before combining it into a toolchain?

Well behaved
Programmable or work with other tools smoothly.
Verifiable
Attempted correct option
All of these answers

Question 11 of 31
Which manifesto, created in 2010 by security professionals, endorses the call for secure coding or programming?

Attempted correct option
The Rugged Manifesto
The DevOps Handbook
Continuous delivery
Cloud Platform documentation

Question 12 of 31
DevOpsDays, DevOps Enterprise Summit, and Velocity. are examples of _____.

DevOps blogs
Attempted correct option
Conferences
Security tools
Books

Question 13 of 31
Let’s say your colleague is unable to attend a DevOps conference. How would you recommend she learn more about DevOps concepts?

Tell her what you heard at the conference.
Read a summary of DevOps on Wikipedia.
Attempted correct option
Introduce her to books and articles devoted to DevOps.
Inform her that she cannot learn directly from the proponents of DevOps unless she makes time to visit a conference.

Question 14 of 31
Let’s say you want to employ the Kaizen cultural practice in your company. What are the four main factors in the Kaizen cycle?

Attempted incorrect option
plan, design, review, and launch
Correct answer
plan, do, check, and act
plan, don’t do, lie, and act
plan, analyze, design, and implement

Question 15 of 31
Which leading social media network should an individual engage in to keep abreast of the DevOps news and development?

WordPress
GitHub
Facebook
Attempted correct option
Twitter

Question 16 of 31
What computing approach creates systems in the cloud instead of depending on servers?

Hosted services
Andon cord
Attempted correct option
Serverless architecture
Log records

Question 17 of 31
Suppose your company is weighing options on implementing private or public cloud. How would you explain the difference between public or private cloud?

Attempted correct option
Private cloud is internally created, built, and operated by your own company. Public cloud is created by an individual or organization, such as Amazon Web Services, and they allow users from around the world to use their services.
You cannot use certain applications with public cloud but you can use all applications in private cloud.
Both are similar except that most cloud users are not satisfied with the public cloud service.
Private cloud services cannot be hacked unlike public cloud services that undergo daily security threats.

Question 18 of 31
Let’s say your colleague wants to know more about the central tenet of Lean. How would you explain it to them?

The purpose of lean is to devalue products according to the amount of “waste” associated with the product.
Attempted correct option
The objective of lean is to ensure that value stream reaches the customer through products and services while eliminating waste.
The objective of lean is to focus on the manufacturer’s needs more than on customers’ satisfaction.
The purpose of lean is to undertake product development in quick, iterative sprint cycles.

Question 19 of 31
What is a build log?

It is the building block of software development.
It is a quick feedback loop for errors.
Attempted correct option
It is a record of all the tests that were run along with their results.
It is a list of features that are planned for future product builds.

Question 20 of 31
When considering the People over Process over Tools methodology, why is it important to focus on People first?

People are necessary to utilize the tools but not the process in this methodology.
Process and tools are equally important as people; therefore, there is no need to focus on people first since they can be replaced by automation.
It is important to hire people for the success of the project but it is not necessary that they need to know the tools.
Attempted correct option
You need a responsible individual with the appropriate skill set who knows the planning and implementation of the project and tools otherwise there will be wastage and inferior product and solution delivery.

Question 21 of 31
_____ refers to the average time your service recovers and restores services from disruptions, such as an outage.

Mean time to production
Mean time to development
Attempted correct option
Mean time to recovery
Mean time between failures

Question 22 of 31
Developers can find bottlenecks during the development process by using a _____ instead of employing the “black box” methodology.

code review system
Attempted correct option
code profiler
non-blocking test
version control system

Question 23 of 31
Let’s say your colleagues are debating whether to employ synthetic or real user monitoring. How is real user monitoring different than synthetic checks?

Real user monitoring monitors the speed of the application. Synthetic checks make sure the hardware is functional.
Attempted correct option
Real user monitoring records all the actual end user’s engagement with the web application. Synthetic checks simulate how a user might interact with the application.
Synthetic performance monitoring analyzes software performance in real world scenarios. Real user monitoring observes just the performance of the user, not the system.
Synthetic checks analyze security flaws in the application in real time whereas real user monitoring observers the system from the viewpoint of a hacker.

Question 24 of 31
Suppose your Dev team has frequent issues with an Ops Teams in your company. Blame is often tossed around between both groups. How would you solve this issue?

Make each group read an article on diverse technology terminologies and have a review session over the article in a separate meeting.
Attempted correct option
Embed Ops engineers in your development teams, assign both teams to be in one chat room, and allow them to read each other's source code.
Increase competition between both groups by offering a monetary award for being “the most patient group.”
Remove the one individual from each team who is causing the most chaos and assign them training in social skills.

Question 25 of 31
_____ places all log records in a secured storage area or location.

Build logging
Attempted correct option
Centralized logging
Intrusion detection
An Ops team

Question 26 of 31
Artifacts should be _____.

Attempted incorrect option
built several times, changed, and deployed in one environment not several
sorted by numerically by hash value
ignored in favor of build logs
Correct answer
built once and deployed as needed

Question 27 of 31
Let’s say your company’s server went down for a few days due to a hurricane. How would having a status page affect your company’s reputation throughout the outage?

A status page allows users to know what occurred but it does not need to be updated regularly unless the issue is resolved so the company will not be bombarded with calls.
A status page allows you to describe your company’s mistake, displaying honesty, but it isn't necessary to frequently post updates.
Attempted correct option
Communicating on the status page throughout the outage will notify the users of the issues and deadline for resolution. It can improve the trust and satisfaction of the customers.
A status page should contain vague content to prevent customers from suing or asking for a refund.

Question 28 of 31
Suppose some of your tests are slow. Which procedures should you select to handle a slow test?

Attempted correct option
all of these answers
Utilize time-scheduled testing.
Apply monitoring to complete some test objectives.
Employ a non-blocking test.

Question 29 of 31
Suppose you want to test the resilience of your company’s e-commerce website in preparation for the holiday shopping season. How would having a Chaos Monkey test the abilities of your servers?

The Chaos Monkey catches bugs in staging a server before its deployment and launch.
Attempted correct option
The Chaos Monkey will interrupt normal operations for your server, forcing your engineers to find methods to make the server robust and tolerant to instance failures.
The Chaos Monkey will add spyware to your visitors’ computers so you can track their behavior in preparation for the holiday shopping season.
The Chaos Monkey provides a detailed recovery plan using public cloud storage in case your server goes down.

Question 30 of 31
Jenkins is an example of _____.

Attempted correct option
a continuous integration tool
a version control tool
a status page generator
a security monitoring tool

Question 31 of 31
DevOps supports the elimination of _____ because it can hamper collaboration, operations and morale within the company.

Attempted correct option
silos
autonomous teams
code reviews
chatting